---
tags:
  - daily
  - love
  - ai
date: 2025-03-25
---
day 4 of vacation

doesn't feel like its been 4 days but i guess it has. bed bug bites are getting worse, but they gave me a new bed to use so hopefully that will be better. my cough has gotten worse too, it hurts to cough and to talk and even to burp

i found a new website, [venice.ai](https://venice.ai). i really like the landing page, the color scheme and the background video with the animations is really nice

finally watched wolf of wall street today, i wish they went more into the crimes and how they affected the victims

also i came to a realization today:
the way i started liking kiki was because she randomly appeared in my dream and i was basically inlove with her when i woke up. it was crazy that had never happened to me before lol. i probably liked her a bit before then but idk it was crazy. is this what happens when someone manifests about you? i always thought it was crazy but now im not so sure. anyways this is kind of reminding meof the book 'flipped,' which. i wanna read again or at least watch the movie.

i think thats it for today, im going to bed. goodbye!
-miles

nvm i just found another cool website, its a forum called [LessWrong](https://lesswrong.com) which i found pretty interesting 

their about page explains the name with this quote:


><center>
_The road to wisdom? Well, it's plain_<br>﻿_and simple to express:_  <br>  <br>﻿_Err_  <br>﻿_and err_  <br>﻿_and err again_  <br>﻿_but **less**_  <br>﻿_and **less**_  <br>﻿_and **less**._  <br>  <br>– Piet Hein
</center>

and i found that pretty cool.the people there seem very smart. i also like the colors and the ux of the website, maybe i can get this to look kind ofsimilar one day. 

anyway thats actually it, im fr going to bed now. gn
-miles